welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna become unsettled exploring
some off-the-beaten-path cosmic horror
with the 2016 film the void let's get to
it we open on a little slice of American
life a scene of chaos murder and cultish
behavior a young man is forced into
adulthood for unknown reasons by dousing
a young woman while an unidentified man
escapes into the woods then they start a
bonfire in as they leave we see they're
being watched
we then observe some scenes establishing
these events as transpiring in a small
sleepy town so sleepy that even the
sheriff is taking a streetside snoozer
he comes to attention with his radio
crackles to life just in time to witness
a strange man emerging from the woods
upon closer inspection he realizes this
isn't some drunk teen so he hits the
Cherry's and transports him to the
closest secluded rural hospital they
wheel him back as we learned the
hospital is only occupied by a handful
of spunky small town characters they
sedate the patient for observation
having limited resources as they're
preparing to move to a new facility due
to a recent fire once he's calmed
everyone settles in for a long night we
learned that officer Carter and Allison
have a relationship that fell apart due
to the loss of their child
dr. Powell who has suffered a similar
tragedy offers Carter some perspective
as Carter wanders the halls he hears
nurse Beverly weeping in a nearby room
and walks in to find her performing a
variety of elective procedures don't do
that I mean just think of the cost she
seeks his help in a way that requires
him to draw down and discharged his
firearm Carter tries to regain his
composure ends up napping again after a
brief scene of cosmic rebirth he awakens
and tries to walk it off he encounters
state trooper Mitchell who happens to be
there in relation to the unknown suspect
who is wanted for questioning about a
bloodbath from about 20 miles north
Carter tries to call in the new incident
but can't get through so he makes
another attempt with his car radio he's
amused to find a man and strange
clothing lurking in the dark but the
situation turns serious when he's
momentarily distracted by the distant
sounding of Helms horn resulting in a
ceremonial dagger being slowly inserted
into his upper torso he manages to break
free and get inside where he's
stabilized and the group comes to find
themselves surrounded nearby oh we see
Beverly's body become a host to nature's
majesty
that immediately goes for suspect zero
requiring them to modify his location
but there soon infringed upon by his
pursuers from the opening and in the
process of trying to verify they have
the proper hunting permits
dr. Powell gets his neck poked with a
scalpel then Mitchell gets dragged off
by an unspeakable horror they find him
in the hallway being licked up and down
but completely forgetting to say stop so
the new entrants take to this boss fight
with gusto and dismantle Beverly with
fire axes they barely begin to sort out
their trust issues when Maggie's
contractions compel them to take action
Carter recommends they go for his
shotgun but find his cruiser further off
than expected still they manage to stock
up and just barely make it back however
their delay prompted Allison to go to
the Med closet alone they leave Kim and
Pappy with Maggie as they go in pursuit
of Allison noticing the absence of dr.
Powell's corpse along the way they don't
find her at the closet and opted to head
toward the sound of a ringing phone
Carter answers it and recognizes the
voice on the other end as dr. Powell
calling from the morgue sounding
fantastic given that he was dead and
claiming vaguely to be taking actions
intended to help humanity despite this
reassurance they choose to pursue it
further leaving Kim with a radio and
then seeking to squeeze the junkie for
Intel he doesn't know much more than
them but as a reward for his forthright
honesty he's granted the freedom to
accompany the men into the basements
they find a staircase that shouldn't be
there and descend eventually finding a
door marked with a pyramid giving Carter
a flashback to his previous visions in
which a pyramid was looming and they
enter meanwhile we learned that dr.
Powell feels the power of life and death
coursing through him and has been
working on correcting the death problem
for some time the basement in fact is
full of his lingering mistakes in that
endeavor but he persevered disgusted by
the inanity of nature's machinations
with his ultimate goal of calling his
daughter back from the abyss with
Allison's assistance of course just
outside the boys light a flare to set
the mood rights and make their way
through a slaughterhouse filled with
hungry beasts of all sorts along with
unending horror and confusion causing
them to get split up
upstairs Maggie goes critical so Kim
whips out the c-section instruction
manual but doesn't have the gumption to
make the cut
Pappy tries to give her one of his
patented pep talks but ends up splitting
all over her face and we learned that
this whole time maggie has been bearing
a demon seed in the hope of taking a
larger role in dr. Powell's new world
order
Carter then finds Allison and fades out
of his dramatic daydream to find he's
been grasping at nothing but ash and is
surrounded by tentacles and finds
himself forced to take unimaginably
horrible steps to save her from her fate
he then makes it to the final chamber
where dr. Powell welcomes him in and
offers him a seat before preparing the
final sacrifice the abyss opens itself
to him and he blesses Maggie's baby with
the privilege of becoming a vessel for
his daughter a messy process but such a
beautiful Petey and she looks just like
her daddy she goes after the father who
slows it down by covering himself an
accelerant to be lit on fire allowing
the son to flee inside distracted by the
astral plane
Carter is able to spear dr. Powell into
the void this causes a catastrophic
failure of the magical sub-basement
which consumes baby Powell and makes the
bad dreams go away leaving Kim in the
Sun as the only survivors they walk out
into the dawn of a new day as Carter and
Allison spend their time in the astral
realm pondering a floating pyramid and
the nature of infinity and that was the
void a quaint view of small-town life in
the face of cosmic existentialism packed
with phenomenal practical effects but a
plot that may get a bit too mysterious
at times for its own good if you enjoyed
the video I'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching